docs: update Acceptable Formula for options/guis (#6016)
Homebrew/brew: docs/Acceptable-Formulae.md

don’t want those things in Homebrew. Encourage upstream projects to build and support a `.app` that can be distributed by [homebrew/cask](https://github.com/Homebrew/homebrew-cask) (and used without it, too).

### Stuff that builds a GUI by default (but doesn't have to)

> Make it build a command-line tool or a library by default and, if the GUI is useful and would be widely used, also build the GUI. Don’t build X11/XQuartz GUIs as they are a bad user experience on macOS.

Reviewer: I don't agree with this, unfortunately. I think we shouldn't build GUIs in general. If that's too controversial I think adding `.app GUIs` to the list would be a good call.

Reviewer 2: @MikeMcQuaid At the very least, we shouldn’t generally reject a GUI as long as it’s meant to pop up as a side effect of executing the CLI tool.

Examples for that would be a diff/merge tool or a PIN entry dialog.

Not sure if that’s what the last part of your comment meant. I feel that rejecting any GUI would be too restrictive.

Reviewer: Sorry, I was more saying if a GUI can be optionally disabled and the formula is still useful without it: we should probably do so (or, maybe more specifically, if it adds any meaningful size/dependencies/time to compilation/runtime). We should not build `.app`s at all because we don't have `brew linkapps` and in general for all these cases The Right Way to do GUIs on macOS is to ship a auto-updating, relocatable `.app` binary (in the app store or with e.g. Sparkle) in Cask.

Reviewer 2: @MikeMcQuaid That helped clear it up. In other words: disable GUI if the program still makes sense that way. Reject the formula if GUI would be too heavy (or if it’s an app). Otherwise, accept formula with GUI.

Reviewer: @claui Yup, exactly. Any chance you could submit another PR?

> Make it build a command-line tool or a library by default and, if the GUI is useful and would be widely used, also build the GUI. But don't build X11/XQuartz GUIs as they are a bad user experience on macOS.

Reviewer 2: Lose the _But._

```suggestion
Make it build a command-line tool or a library by default and, if the GUI is useful and would be widely used, also build the GUI. Don’t build X11/XQuartz GUIs as they are a bad user experience on macOS.
```
